Sensei
Am I also a Vocaloid, too?
TETOTETOTETOTETO
Please don't boo me, I know I'm not a pro.
My favorite food is a baguette, which goes best with margarine.
My Chimera age is 31.
But my real age is 15!
While aiming to be at the top, I will sing as an Utauloid!
TetoTetoTetoTeto
"Don't call me 30's Ma'am!"
Okaaay!
I'm a diva! I ain't no fake!
I want to sing so many songs!
Like a Voca-kind-of monopoly?
I'm a idol, I ain't a fake!
Don't tell me, my hair looks like drills!
If you do..
SCREEEEEWW!
This is my Kasane Territory!
As you can see with Teto, she has two forms.
Call her hair on her head drills, and her second form will activate.
Finding a rental DVD that's been missing for a month!
Running off to the nearest store to return it,
Got told off, and became very blue!
The most perfect idol,
Totally not a drill.
I can sing without some ten thousand yen,
Afterall, I am an Utauloid!
I'm a diva, I ain't a fake!
I'm an idol, I ain't a fake!
I want to sing, so many songs!
Like a Voca-Kind-of-Monopoly?
I'm a idol, I swear I'm not fake!
Please don't call my hair a drill..
If you do...
Why do you even care?!
This is my Kasane Territory!
What do you think of this new star?
Hm, she's very promising, don't you think?
Miss, aren't you aware? That's Kasane Teto, she's around 30 years old!
SCREEEEEEEWWW!
I'm a diva, I ain't no fake!
I'm an idol, I ain't a fake!
I want to sing so many songs!
Like a Voca-kind-of-Monopoly?
I'm an idol, I ain't a fake!
Please don't call my hair "drills"..
If you do...
SCREEEEEEEEWWW!
This is my Kasane Territory!
At first, I know I was a nothing..
But now, I really want to sing a lot!
I'll keep reaching for the top,
and someday, I'll be a Vocaloid too!
I'm a diva, I ain't a fake!
I want to sing so many beautiful songs!
One day, I'll be able to reach all your hearts!
This is my Kasane Territory!
Each of you are all kind of dumb..
^-^